This is a simple project intended to get you used to python, sockets, and the formalities of projects like readme and groups. This will be worth 1/3 of the future projects. 
This exercise will serve as the foundation for the upcoming programming project. 
A sample working client code is given to you in Client.py.  Your job is to write the corresponding Server code. 
The goal of the server is to get any string sent to it, reverse it and send it back to the client. 
Lastly it should then close gracefully when the client is done sending strings. A sample output and input file has also been provided.


How we will test your programs
------------------------------


As part of your submission, you will turn in one program:Server.py and one README file (more on this below). We will be running the
three programs on the ilab machines with Python 3. Please refer to the links in the anouncement as to how to make them work. 


Please do not assume that all programs will run on the same machine or that all
connections are made to the local host.  We reserve the right to test your
programs with local and remote socket connections, for example with Client.py,
And Server.py each running on a different machine. You are welcome to
simplify the initial development and debugging of your project, and get off the
ground by running all programs on one machine first. However, you must
eventually ensure that the programs can work across multiple machines.


The programs must work with the following command lines:


python Server.py PORT
python Client.py SERVERADDRESS PORT


An example of this would be:
python Server.py 5444
python Client.py vi.cs.rutgers.edu 5444


By default the client reads from a file called source_strings.txt and writes to a file called results.txt




README file
-----------


In addition to your programs, you must also submit a README file (named README.txt) with clearly
delineated sections for the following.


0. Please write down the full names and netids of both your team members.
1. Are there known issues or functions that aren't working currently in your
   attached code? If so, explain. (note that you will get half credit for any reasonably sized bug that is fully explained in the readme)
2. Collaboration: Who did you collaborate with on this project? What resources and refer-
ences did you consult? Please also specify on what aspect of the project you collaborated or
consulted.
3. What problems did you face developing code for this project? Around how long did you spend on this project (This helps me decide what I need to explain more clearly for the next projects)
4. Did you learn anything about sockets and/or python while doing this project?


Submission
----------


Turn in your project on Canvas assignments. Only one team member needs to
submit. Please submit your final project as a single zip file.